# NeXus-report
Future Engineers Report
At the first day, they told us we will participate in this competition in the section of future engineers, we were very exited about it because we were waiting for the confirmation a long time ago and at the same day, they told us we have to begin working hard, there after one member found an old toy vehicle and we decided to disarm the car so we can clean exactly the parts of plastic, motors, directionals, wheels and finally the last components because it was an old toy that was like 1-2 years without use ; the next day we were looking if the parts were in a usable state found that the motherboard was damage and we have to change it, otherwise we still try to see if it worked, but it was a waste of time, because one of the motors was damage and another problem appeared one member of the group (non-official) broke an important part of the car, consequently, we decide to modify a new car.
When we see that the car didn´t function we decide to buy new components and a new car. The components that we bought were part of a Lafvin´s Robotics Kit, specifically the “Multi-functional Smart Car Kit”.  
Then we realized where we were going to place the mechanism, we organized some amount of money for buy another the same day because we can’t wase time, after a long search in “Los Pueblos” we visited: “El Machetazo” there were some cars really cool but they doesn’t have the necessary measurements so we decided to go to “Arrocha” and the cars were also good but it were too expensive, and the last place we visited that was near to close was “El Titan” and there we found the same car we had but we wants a new model so we bought a “Maserati” that was really cool and we bought it, the next they we disassembled it to see the pieces and we realized that it was the same format as the car from before, the new toy car is a “Maserati” that have the same model of organization that the old car toy we have so it was easy to arm it and the good thing of this car is that is smaller than the other so we can put more extra things.
Now that we have all the pieces for our project we begging to work. At first, we examined the Kit that we bought to see which components we are gong to use on the car. We decide to use the “L298 motor driver”, “Lafvin card”, “Shield v5.0”, “Ultrasonic sensor”, “servo motor Sg90”, and finally 2 “line sensor”. Next thing that we made was to see in which part of the car we can put the components. 
At that point, we tried to put the regulator in the back and we screwed it well so it wouldn't fall, equally important, we situate and screwed it at the front of the car because in that way the ultrasonic sensor will be able to detect what is in front of it, in sum, we place the line sensor behind the car fender and make some holes for it can work, we were inactive some days because we have exams and we need to concentrate but a like 2 days later we decided to continue our crossing, that day connected the cables to the motherboard and the regulator so we can start programming.
We thought about where to place the component, after a long time discussing about this, we decide to place “ultrasonic sensor” with the “servo motor Sg90” in the front part of the car, we fused “Lafvin card” and “Shield v5.0”and decided to place it inside of the car, finally we place the “L298 motor driver” in the back part of the car. Even so we find that the “line sensor” have a different programmation than the “color sensor” after that we decided to eliminate it because, reprograming it would be a little more strenuous. 
After finishing assembling the car, we start to connect all the components where they need to be for the car to work as it should. Our plan was to use the motor that came with the car and connect them to the “L298 motor driver”. Also, we connect the “L298 motor driver”, the “Ultrasonic sensor”, and the “servo motor Sg90” to the “Lafvin card” through “Shield v5.0”. Finally, we connect to the “Lafvin card” and to the “L298 motor driver” a “Battery of 9V”.   
Then that we have all connected, we begin to program all the component. Firstly, we begin we the exists one that was the “L298 motor driver”; We program it to control the motor, one to change the direction and the other one the movement. Secondly, we program the “Ultrasonic sensor” to dodge the obstacles that are in a range of distance of 20 centimeters. Finally, we program the “servo motor Sg90” that was connected to “ultrasonic sensor”; we programmed it to so that it would turn 90° so that the ultrasonic sensor has a greater range to see if there is an obstacle nearby and the car can avoid it.   
Now that we finish the programmation, we began to provide the car. In practice we notice that the car can´t change of direction and it move very slowly. For our bad luck, we didn´t think have in mind that voltage of the different components. The principal problems are that the Motors that give the movement to the car takes mayor part of the energy for it making that the motor that must change the direction didn´t have the energy to change the direction.   
we began trying it and we discover that the battery we are using does not have the necessary Volts so we are thinking about a solution, one of them are connecting batteries until it gains the necessary volts the other one is to use a power bank but this two options make the car heavier and takes up a lot of space so we try to design a trailer so the car doesn’t need to carry up or on the size the batteries and it only have to pull the car to be easier.  
We measure it with a bolting gauge with the help of an Engineer Teacher call Jose Luis de Urriola that told us a form to arrange the batteries to take up less space and pass the same energy we had before, we measure it and the three batteries measure 27 but the car still needs more so we will continue traying to solve it before the 21 of September unluckily we can’t show our car in the regionals of the school that the 14 of September.
With the problems of the battery, we tray with a power bank, two batteries to the directionals and 3 more for the regulator, with that done the car move forward and the ultrasonic sensor function but it can’t turn around and not only that it also consumes a lot of batteries and that is not good for us and for the environment.
